You dead girl!
Is my face something you can punch if you want?
Last time all your friends hit him
You bullied him in front of me again this time
I'll tell you what.
If you don't apologize to Yaoyao today
I'll have all the people here come and judge
Okay, I've called everyone
Let me tell you something, by the way.
The person who hired someone else's piano bureau
If you don't accompany him into a family army
What are you talking about?
Don't slander me here
Did I slander him?
Just ask them.
What evidence do you have?
Yeah, what evidence do you have?
Prove that Yaoyao stole someone else's piano music
Hahaha, I see.
Did you see Yaoyao take the second place?
You are out of balance
Sneaked in on purpose
I want to stain the face of Yaoyao
Do you want to embarrass him?
What a snake
Why did our Bai family raise a white-eyed wolf like you?
You hurry up and go to Yaodong
Mom, forget it.
Don't let my sister apologize to you.
You let me go
I want to teach him a good lesson
Don't be afraid if your mother is here today.
Have you two acted enough?
We all let you go, what do you mean?
Of course you apologize.
I apologize to you.
You ask Yaoyao to apologize to you.
Don't apologize
Then I'll go find the surveillance
Let's see who it is
I see that your skin is itchy and you have become Zhou Run
If anyone knows that I plagiarized, it's over